hello everyone Pete here and I'm super
stoked to talk to you about a new pair
of briefs I've discovered online okay so
a few weeks ago I purchased a pair of
briefs from UFM underwear calm and you
know the delivery was really quick you
know I was really surprised by how fast
the guy here sooner than I expected and
you know immediately I started wearing
these bad boys to the gym the next day I
had them on and I was training with them
and I'll tell you what the one thing I
specifically loved about these underwear
is the adjustable string within now this
makes it fantastic for adjusting the
underwear while you're wearing them and
um yeah let me show you this really
quick only give you clothes for these
bad boys I got the black I love black
all right but the box of briefs I got
rid of the boxer briefs are great for
long distance runs they really truly
help prevent chafing but off topic these
are the briefs and I absolutely love the
adjustable triage thing within these
guys this makes life so easy and I think
they actually a patent pending for this
it's amazing stuff guys now the wide
waistband is another really good detail
all right
as you can see the underwear is made a
really high-quality good material mesh
fly panel all right very comfortable
very comfortable to utilize guys and
definitely a really good choice for your
husband maybe for the holidays for
Christmas movies a gym goer like myself
he's really into fitness and he's are
fantastic now a lot of times when you
get boxer briefs or even briefs such as
these from other brands other companies
I've had issues with sagging after I've
washed them numerous times now after I
wash them about seven or eight times
they start to sag and I tighten it firm
they just kind of lose that firm new
feeling not these I've washed these
seven times already and they're tighter
than ever the same as when I first got
them and it's the material that utilized
to make these bad boys no sagging ever
guys no more that seriously I don't know
about you guys but when I start sweating
hardcore in the gym I started shafe all
right my legs start to chafe my skin
rubbing together
not and not anymore with these because
of the adjustable drawstring because
you're able to adjust these bad boys
it makes for no chafing and I love that
guys I'd like to utilize these as an
alternative for the jockstrap oh when
I'm doing sports such as mixed martial
arts and stuff like that
these are super effective for even
utilizing them as a jockstrap so be sure
to check them out at UF em underwear
dot-com I'm pretty sure you can find
them on Amazon as well so feel free to
get one for yourself for your spouse
holiday gift
these are definitely going to change
your training for good guys thanks for
tuning in and have a great day